c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.dll
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.pdb
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.xml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\Pitchur.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.WIA.dll
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\Pitchur.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\ImageCapture.exe
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\ImageCapture.pdb
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\Pitchur.exe
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\bin\Debug\Pitchur.pdb
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\Pitchur_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\Pitchur.g.resources
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\Pitchur.exe
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Pitchur\Pitchur\obj\x86\Debug\Pitchur.pdb
